README.md, before:

react-native-hybrid-storybook-examples
===================================

Example usages of `react-native-hybrid-storybook`.

### List

##### `minimal-expo`
Minimal [CRNA](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app) app used with [Expo](http://expo.io/); without [Storybook's default react-native integration](https://github.com/storybooks/storybook/tree/master/app/react-native) - just `react-native-hybrid-storybook` run on the web.

##### `crna` (expo)
Newest (as of 22/09/2018) [CRNA](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app) app created, used with [Expo](http://expo.io/); with [Storybook's default react-native integration](https://github.com/storybooks/storybook/tree/master/app/react-native).

##### `rninit`
Application created with use of [`react-native init`](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html#creating-a-new-application); with [Storybook's default react-native integration](https://github.com/storybooks/storybook/tree/master/app/react-native).

Commit message:

Minimal expo example now allows to export generated documentation to static HTML

README.md, after:

react-native-hybrid-storybook-examples
===================================

Example usages of `react-native-hybrid-storybook`.

### List

##### `minimal-expo`
Minimal [CRNA](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app) app used with [Expo](http://expo.io/); without [Storybook's default react-native integration](https://github.com/storybooks/storybook/tree/master/app/react-native) - just `react-native-hybrid-storybook` run on the web.
Bonus: you can run `yarn run storybook-build` to export the documentation (eg. react native components) as static HTML to `.out` folder.

##### `crna` (expo)
Newest (as of 22/09/2018) [CRNA](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app) app created, used with [Expo](http://expo.io/); with [Storybook's default react-native integration](https://github.com/storybooks/storybook/tree/master/app/react-native).

##### `rninit`
Application created with use of [`react-native init`](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html#creating-a-new-application); with [Storybook's default react-native integration](https://github.com/storybooks/storybook/tree/master/app/react-native).
